My family and I loved Bachi Burger before, for the great food and service. Unfortunately, both have been lacking the last couple times we've been here. We were a party of 5 and came in during dinner rush on Sunday. Our server was nice, but our drink\/food runner had much better service skills and was more attentive than our server was.

The drinks came out quickly (thanks to the awesome food runner, these two stars are for you). We ordered 2 types of fries and the Japanese Sausages as appetizers. Those came out in a timely manner. The sausages were disappointing, as they are not the same and too greasy.  Our server might've forgotten us, because he took our order much later. We ordered 3 burgers and 2 salads with chicken well done.

This is where the experience really goes downhill. 2 other tables received their burgers before we did, and they were sat much later than our table. Our burgers finally arrived, but the salads had not. By this time, the place had cleared of the dinner rush.

We waited a little longer, and half our table was almost finished with their meal. I got up to speak with the manager and cancel one of the salads.  Since when does a salad take longer to prep than the burgers? I understand we ordered the chicken well done, but salads normally come out first regardless. As I talk to the manager, the salads arrive. One was sent back because that person in my party lost her appetite with the long wait. The manager said the food took longer because of the well done chicken request. We didn't order a well done thick piece of steak that takes much longer cook time. A small piece of chicken doesn't take that long to cook well done. 

I was not pleased with his response to default to our preference as the cause of the issue. The manager was kind, he offered to take the cancelled salad off the bill, and said he would box the salad up to-go. I was satisfied with that, until the manager dropped the bill off with a quick, ""sorry for the inconvenience"" and forgot the to-go salad he promised... We paid the bill and made our getaway, it wasn't worth bringing up.

The restaurant's severe lack of kitchen and food order management needs to be addressed. You have fresh ingredients and things take a little longer to cook, I understood that as a frequent guest of your restaurant. But the way this was handled was insincere, and mediocre at best. This will be the last time I bring anyone here.