I stopped by here last night with my fiance for a belated birthday dinner for myself.  Whenever we got there the place was packed which I thought was surprising for a Wednesday but thankfully I had made reservations.  We arrived right around the time of our reservation and were told that our table wasn't ready yet but should be soon as the table we would be sitting at had just received the bill.  It was at this point that things got a little weird for me as I normally would hang out around the host\/hostess station or a seating area to wait for our table but there wasn't an area to sit and the hostess was pointing us to a corner of the bar.  So we were essentially forced to sit at the corner of the bar whenever we didn't really want to.  The kicker was that we were wet because it was raining outside and of course we were under the vent which was pouring out cold air.  After about 15 minutes of waiting at the bar we were finally seated at a table, unfortunately under another vent.  This would lead to my fiance being cold for the rest of the the night and me not being terribly comfortable either.  Thankfully things would get better after this.  Once we were finally seated I was able to get a better look at the restaurant.  It was pretty modern looking with some track lighting and one big pretty light, a bar in the corner and very clean.  Since the restaurant was very full though and it is a very open space the restaurant was very loud and I actually had a hard time hearing my fiance for the first half of dinner.  There also was a nice looking courtyard out in front of the restaurant that we passed on the way in with a number of tables that could not be used that night due to the rain.

We decided to start off our meals by splitting an appetizer which consisted of fresh fig on top of chorizo on top of a cheese with a rhubarb syrup on the plate.  After the odd opening experience of feeling like a second class diner, I did not want to like the food and at first glance was a little disappointed in the size of the appetizer.  However, it proved to be excellent and although small, 1 fig sliced into quarters, I really enjoyed it.  The sweet fig combined with the slightly spicy chorizo and savory cheese was awesome.  For my dinner entree I decided to go with the wagyu flat iron, medium, which came with some type of aioli on it while my fiance went with the lemon salmon.  All of the entrees were to be served with a vegetable and a starch and both of ours came with identical items that seemed to be cauliflower, bak choy(?) and sweet potatoes.  My steak came out with a good helping of aioli poured over it which I would normally be happy about.  However, this steak could have been the star on its own and I thought that the aioli actually detracted from it.  The steak tasted very good with a nice sear on that gave it a nice crust and was still tender even though it seemed to be more of a medium well than a medium.  My fiance was also very happy with her salmon and thought that it tasted good.  While I am normally not much of a dessert person, the rest of the food was good enough that I decided to give it a try.  I went with the salted caramel cheesecake while my fiance went with some decadent chocolate cake which she loved.  My cheesecake was interesting in that it was served in what I would consider a mini jar and then topped with whipped cream, caramel and the salt.  Due to this I was able to control the topping\/cake ratio which was nice and I thought my dessert was very good, especially whenever I got a nice piece of salt with the rest.  My only complaint of it would be that there wasn't enough of the salt but that is minor as I wouldn't want my dessert to be too salty.

The bottom line for me is that I am not sure if I would head back here again in the future.  The food was certainly awesome and by itself would deserve 5 stars but I was not a big fan of the atmosphere of the place and it may be the first restaurant that I have been to where I would use the word snobby to describe it.