Do not go here if you can help it! I had to give it 1 star to post my review- deserves negative 100 stars, Serious! Had a VERY dear friend (Grandmother figure to my children) placed there by her HMO after going to the hospital with a UTI, Kidney stones\/blockage and C-diff infection. She could not get out of bed due to Kidney & Urinary Caths. She was left to lay in her feces for up to 6-8-10 hours daily! Not to be gross but her bottom was bloody raw and she developed a bed sore that required a surgical procedure. Premier Rehabilitation Center at 2945 Casa Vegas St almost killed her. I ran at all hours of the night to go and change her, clean her, feed her and turn her in the bed. There are patients wandering the halls aimlessly in and out of contaminated \/ Isolation rooms into non-isolation rooms. Touching everything in sight along the way including water stations, nurse's carts, food carts and so on. Others scream for help from their beds all day and night and no one comes. When we finally got my friend a Urology appointment the transportation was over 45 minutes late and got lost. The Van they used looked more like some Mom's van gutted out to fit a wheel chair. The driver was a young girl who barley watched the road because she was busy staring at her cell phone for GPS directions. We circled a residential area some 10 miles away from the place we were going because someone put the wrong address in the GPS. When we got there they dropped us at the curb, alone! In the Doctor's office we discovered they sent the wrong patient's file so the doctor we had waited to see for over a month could do nothing but set another appointment. We then waited another hour and a half for our transport to arrive.All for not. Long story short--when I was finally able to transfer her to another facility she was severely dehydrated, malnutritioned (95 lbs from 135), weak as a baby bird, in sever pain due to contaminated bandages on her spinal bed sore and had dangerously low hemoglobin counts. She also had constant bleeding into her drainage bags while there. I held multiple meetings with the facility and received many promises to change but it only got continually worse. When she arrived at  her new location they immediately hooked her up to an IV to rehydrate her, did a blood transfusion and got to work on her wounds -- mind you, this all began with a UTI. They tried to block me from transferring her and told me my POA was not good in their facility- good everywhere else but not there - It doesn't work that way! Then they tried to delay her transfer because they get money for everyday she's there whether she is being cared for or not. The staff at the higher levels were abusive at best! Please avoid if you can! and IF you can't - get to work on getting them out of there ASAP!