Let me share with u fellow yelpers about the experience I received from this restaurant...I hope they don't delete this review just like my bad review of Red Chair Salon in SF that was deleted with no apparent reason. 

It was around 9 pm that me n my friend was starving to death since we were too busy to walk around the strip to actually stop to have a nice meal. we figure that we could have a really nice dinner to make us full...so after several restaurants menu we read along the way...we stopped at Wazuzu n decide to try it out. we sat down and it took the waitress about 15 minutes to acknowledge us to take our order. the waitress came n it was this old chinese lady.....usually they don't really understand english very well but since its an upscale restaurant I decided to give her the benefit of the doubt. so I asked her ""how many pieces of sushi do you get in the Crunchy Roll special menu?"" she said ""Its a ROLL!! what do u think? its usually 6 pieces!"" she was giving me an attitude!! even my friend across the table was shocked! so being the sassy girl that I am...I replied ""Well since its not written on the menu...how was anyone supposed to know that its 6 pieces?!?!?!? some places has 8 or 10 so its not my fault that I don't know these things...not to mention lady this is my first time at this restaurant!"" I can't believe that the first question I asked her she gave me an attitude!! I mean hello???? it was $21 for that specific roll! of course I'm gonna ask u questions when its $21 per roll!!! 

Then I took a deep breath n asked her ""how big is the portion for the Minced Salmon with green onion?"" and she respond ""Its in a bowl!!"" 
I'm like ?????? how big is the bowl?!?!??! by this point I was just so mad n hungry so I just basically ordered my roll n spicy hot wings with rice n thai ice tea. before I finish telling u the whole story..let me break down the price of the things I ordered: 
Crunchy Roll $21
Spicy hot wings $12
White rice $5
Thai ice tea $5

Now the Spicy hot wings turned out to be sweet...I have no idea where the spicy words come from. and the roll turned out to be covered in this little japanese fried balls that taste pretty weird with the shrimp tempura, cucumber, seaweed n rice (which is what a crunchy roll is) well I am paying $21 for this stinking roll..so I might as well eat it instead of wasting it. So I decided to take off this little tiny fried balls with my chopstick and just eat the plain sushi by itself. then that waitress stopped by n I kid u not this is what she said to me ""U are one spoiled girl huh????"" I'm like ""EXCUSE ME?!?!?!"" "" YEAH..I CAN TELL THAT UR SPOILED BY THE WAY U PICK AT UR FOOD"" ohhhhhh man!! I can't believe her!! I mean just because I don't like the little fried ball things n picking it out doesn't mean I'm spoiled!! n who is she to tell me that I'm SPOILED?!?!? I'M HER FREAKIN' CUSTOMER!!! WOWW!!! NEVER IN MY LIFE I RECEIVED SUCH BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE!!

So being the nice girl that I am...I dont like to make a scene instead I decided not to tip her cuz u know what?? the hell with it...I always tip at restaurants even when the customer service was bad. but this time hell no! she is not getting a dime from me n plus the overpriced bad food cannot make up the bad customer service! n really the thai ice tea was the only thing that was decent in that place. I mean c'mon they charge $8 for green tea!!!! Most places its free!!! Hello?!??!?!? if that's not overpriced I don't know what is...n rice for $5?!?!? white rice?!??! yeah u do the math and save ur money to go eat somewhere else.