Signed up with the class via a great Groupon for 60 days at $29.  For my first class, Reba was the instructor.  Great first class to start with as my impression of Reba is that she takes Bikram Yoga seriously without being serious.  It's a bit intimindating at first walking into a 105 degree hot room and seeing folks walk in unphased by the heat.  Reba took a bit of my nervous energy off.

Been at it now for two and half weeks and the heat isn't intimidating anymore, in fact it's a bit welcoming.  The first week was a bit rough but by the second week I found myself wanting to find time to attend even more  I prepared myself at the start just to attend regularly three days a week, however I'm already attending five days a week now and considering going daily.

After starting to take the classes, the best benefit I've found is my work outs outside of class.  My weightlifting and cardio endurance and flexibility have improved greatly in this short period.  One benefit that surprised me is the cardio throughout the class.  It's mentioned on their site as one of their benefits, but I really didn't believe it.  I call it sneaky cardio as at first you won't notice the build up, but once a posture is done, you'll feel your heart pumping.  

As far as specific to the studio all the teacher's have different approaches even though the class in itself is essentially the same.  Some make it fun, others push hard, while others give the value of each posture and others stress technique.  It's a good way to learn.  One thing to make sure you do is to hydrate before and after class.  You will sweat a lot in class.  Although I hydrated well before class, I didn't after class and I got a stinging headache.

The only con is that it's expensive.  I'm trying to figure out a way to pay for this after my Groupon expires.  It would be nice for them to offer a 6 month cycle option.  The one month, three month, punch cards and monthly aren't that cost effective and the annual option is a lot to drop in a day.  However, I am considering it!

I'll sum up Bikram this way.  Every couple of classes I'll think to myself ""what the heck am I doing here, this is brutal!""  However, AFTER the class I always feel accomplished, energized and looking forward to the next class.