The food tastes great. Customer service is usually good. The problem I have is not just with this location, but is something I've experienced at all locations. The claim that they deliver and that they're freaky fast is crap. Yes, they deliver. If you live less than a mile away. I'm two miles, so I'm out of luck. That rule is ridiculous. What is the point of delivering only to costumers within a mile? On top of that, if you happen to be at a place that is within a mile, they take forever to get your food to you. My old complex was literally one parking lot away from Jimmy Johns. I usually drove the 30 seconds to get a sandwhich, or walked the two minutes to their restaurant, but this time I was sick and didn't want to go out. I ordered. And waited. And waited. After an hour and a half I called. It wasn't because they hadn't received my order. It was because they hadn't gotten to me yet. This was at 3 in the afternoon. Lunch rush was over. 30 minutes later my sandwhich was delivered. It took two hours for them to make a sandwhich and drive 30 seconds to the complex next door. 
I've also had JJs delivered to my work. I always had to order an hour before my lunch because even though I worked less than a mile away, the average delivery time was still an hour. That is not freaky fast service. 
I would be perfectly okay waiting an hour for food if the company serviced people outside of a mile radius. Pizza places take about an hour. But they have to literally cook the food and they deliver to more people in a much wider radius. When you order pizza, you expect to wait an hour. When you order a sanwhich, you shouldn't have to. 
Jimmy Johns makes a completely false claim that they are freaky fast. I've been a customer for years, in two states and five cities. I've never seen them be freaky fast. In my opinion, this is false advertising. 
After years of being a slightly disappointed customer, I finally decided to write a review today because I've recently moved. There is a JJs right down the street. I decided to see if they delivered to me, but I was skeptical because I'm more than a mile out. So I called, and of course the answer was no. And the gentleman on the phone goes ""why don't you call a closer location."" I thought this was kinda weird because why would I call a location that wasn't the closest and also, I'd just given him my address and cross streets, shouldn't he realize that he is my closest location? So I told him, ""I did. You are only two miles away. There isn't another location closer."" And the gentleman says ""Oh, if we're that close, why don't you just come in then?"" And that was the last straw for this company. If I am willing to pay the company extra for delivery charge AND willing to tip the delivery person, why should it matter what my reason for wanting delivery is? 
Keeping a delivery radius so tight just to claim you have freaky fast delivery is stupid. Especially if that claim is false. If the company was smart they would open their radius to a wider range of customers and drop the stupid slogan.