DON'T GO TO THIS PRESENTATION!! Every single thing they said was bullcrap! We went to Vegas for our anniversary and planned on seeing a couple shows. When we checked in at Excalibur, they had a deal to see 2 shows for $75...so $150 total. But before we could go up to our room, one of the ""recruiters"" offered to give us a better deal on tickets. She said she could give us the same tickets for $90 if we went to a ""vacation presentation"". I was hesitant but she said it was only 2 hours with a free breakfast. She said it was an hour for breakfast and an hour presentation...LIE!!! She also said the tickets for Carrot Top were in the 4th row cuz thats where they buy them....LIE!!! We were in the last row. She also said the Chris Angel tickets were in the 10th row, again, cuz thats where they buy them...LIE!!! They were in the last row. Of course we didnt know this until after the presentation. So we show up, get shuttled to the time share place, herded in like cattle and then a salesman comes to get us. He asks us to use the bathroom now cuz there wont be anytime to use it later. Then we are rushed through a tiny breakfast bar to get our plates and taken into a room full little tables where everyone sits with their salesman. We are supposed to eat while he watches us and drills us with questions. Then the main pitch guy comes in. HE WAS OBNOXIOUS! I swear it was like he was trying to put on a comedy show while selling the time share idea. So by the time he's done, we have been there 2 1\/2 hours. At this point we go with our salesman and he gives us a tour of the room and then back to the salesroom. Here's where the high pressure sales start...he was relentless. He was trying to sell us one 3-day vacation a year for $16,000 with 14.9% interest. Plus maintenance fees and membership fees.  They had run our credit and he kept saying he knew we could easily afford it so he didn't understand why we weren't doing it. The more we said no, the more upset he got. He finally had us a sign a paper saying we rejected the deal and then we had to see 1 more guy for an evaluation of the presentation....LIE!!! He was their last ditch guy to get us to buy. He was the biggest jerk because we continued to say no. After that, he all but through us out the door. In total, we were there for 4 1\/2 hours!!! It was literally the worst experience and we got the worst tickets all to save $60!! I wish I would have read these reviews before we got suckered!! DON'T MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE!!